=encoding utf-8

=head1 NAME

TicketChecklist - Have a checklist for you todos with regard to the ticket

=head1 DESCRIPTION

There can be several tasks mentioned in a ticket and when the ticket gets
more and more followups, it might be hard to remember what should be done
to solve the issue.

In that case a "TODO" list or a checklist would be helpful. As soon as
the ticket owner identifies a task that has to be done, that task can be
added to the checklist.

Such a checklist is provided by this addon. A new item in the ticket menu
appears: "Checklist".

As soon as a checklist for a ticket exists, you'll see a new widget in the
ticket zoom. Near by the ticket information the checklist is shown.

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

=over 4

=item * Denny Bresch, L<https://github.com/dennybresch>

Added translations, cleaned up HTML

=item * Balázs Úr, L<http://www.otrs-megoldasok.hu>

Hungarian translation

=back

=head1 SUPPORT

If you have any questions, ideas for new features, bugreports and/or patches,
please drop me a line at E<lt>otrs@perl-services.deE<gt>.

I do not read the comments here regularly...

=head1 PRO-VERSION

There is a pro version available at 
L<http://feature-addons.de/otrs/Ticket/TicketChecklist>
that have a few more features:

=over 4

=item * Priorities for checklist items

=item * Responsibles for checklist items

=item * Due dates for checklist items

=item * Notifications for ticket owner when a checklist item is set to a new (configurable) state

=item * Notification when due date is reached

=item * Overview of tickets that have open checklist items

=item * Overview of checklist items ("MyChecklistItems")

=item * Change order (position) of the checklist items

=item * Merge of checklists when tickets are merged

=back

=head2 Roadmap

Those features are planned for the future:

=over 4

=item * Create checklists from templates

=back

Those features will be released in the pro version first.

=head1 AUTHOR AND LICENSE

This module is licensed under the terms of AGPL 3.0.

Author: Renée Bäcker C<< <otrs@perl-services.de> >>

